Tell him if I don't help him.
Will die of rotten intestines.
So don't you go clarify with the director?
Miss.
If Trieu Thien Hung knows, it will directly lead to poisoning.
I will die.
Don't worry, just tell the truth.
Truong Huc will help you.
The divine doctor beside the old man Truong Huc Dong
Yes.
Is Ken gone now?
Okay, haha.
Oh, old Shen, old Shen.
Long time no see.
Trieu Thien Hung
He brought people here and killed me.
What are you and Tham Lao?
I heard this saying.
Excavation of artifacts from the Warring States period.
This is not me just leading the building director.
I have to rely on reliability.
It's my brother downstairs.
No matter what, I have to help you make rules.
This is clearly revenge.
Okay, okay, stop making noise.
Shiniro, don't worry.
I will definitely handle it for free.
Eat it and see.
Many games.
This is actually Fujian during the Warring States period.